hi guys welcome back to my channel and
for the ones who are new here I'm michaa
and today I want to talk about why you
are not successful yet and how you can
overcome everything that's holding you
back doesn't matter if you are chasing a
personal dream building a career or
simply trying to create the best life
for yourself this video is going to help
you to step into that version of
yourself that you have always dreamed of
let's start with the big question why
you aren't successful yet and I have to
tell you honey it's not because you're
not intelligent enough it's not because
you are not born in a successful family
it's not about Talent OR opportunity at
all most of the time the only reason is
yourself and in specific it's not
yourself it's the beliefs you hold about
yourself s because the biggest obstacle
between you and your dreams are always
your limiting beliefs think about it
what do you tell yourself when you think
about that success that you are dreaming
of or that life that you're dreaming of
what do you tell yourself when you
imagine achieving whatever you want to
achieve do you hear a voice saying like
I'm not good enough or that's not for
people like me
or I will be never able to do that these
beliefs didn't come out of the nowhere
they are deeply rooted in your belief
about yourself they were created not
because they are true they were created
from past experiences from your parents
from your teachers from other people
from failure these beliefs are created
from something you have experienced or
you have heard and you have accepted as
your truth maybe you grew up in an
environment where success was impossible
or was very difficult to reach maybe
you've experienced failure and you
decided you're not going to try that
again because for you the truth is you
didn't manage it once so you will never
be able to make it or maybe just maybe
you're simply afraid of success yes you
have heard right you can be afraid of
success many people out there are
actually afraid of success and that's
the reason why they're not successful
you will be thinking oh I'm not afraid
of success but success brings a lot of
responsibilities a lot of new tasks a
lot of new things in life new challenges
and deep down you're afraid of
responsibility you're afraid of what
success comes with so yes honey fear of
success is real and you probably will be
thinking now why would I fear something
that I want so badly but as I said
success often not often always comes
with new responsibilities new changes in
life new challenges and judgments from
others and there is another layer to
this the fear of being seen success puts
you in a position where you are in the
spotlight people will be talking about
you people will will see you for some
people that can be exciting for other
people that's absolutely terrifying how
will you deal with this judgment how
will you deal with all this attention on
you you probably have questions like
what if people judge me what if I fail
and everyone sees it what if I'm not
good enough to live up to their
expectations what if being seen being
successful means losing my privacy
losing my peace you don't only have to
think about people seeing you who don't
know you think about people who are very
close to you what if I fail and my
partner starts to think about me I'm a
fool or I'm not worthy it anymore if you
have questions or fears like this in
your head this is fear of success this
fear can hold you back without you even
truly realizing it you might sabotage
yourself procrastinate or play small
just because you are scared of what
other people will think how other people
will see you and how they will react
when they see what you're capable of or
what you're not capable of you are not
capable of everything in life and that's
fine but there is a fear deep down that
can tell you oh if I'm trying something
and it doesn't work out immediately or
at all maybe another person will think
about me I am not worthy it any anymore
or maybe you think about yourself I'm
not capable of anything I'm not capable
of making it you are fearing of giving
up on yourself so you need to overcome
the fear of being successful and being
seen here is the truth huny being seen
is part of the process you can't Inspire
create or achieve anything while you're
hiding in Shadows let me tell you
something very powerful the people who
truly matter are the ones who support
you and who love you throughout whatever
you're going through they love you
through your failure and through your
success and the ones who don't they
don't matter the ones who judge or
criticize they are simply projecting
their own fears onto you you don't need
their approval you just
need to give yourself permission to step
into that Spotlight and that fear of
being seen you don't have have to
eliminate it from your life which is
impossible you have to face it and walk
through people who are successful
they're not successful because they
don't fear anything no people who are
successful they see the fear they might
feel the fear and they face it and walk
through it anyways they don't let any
fear stop them and that's what makes
them powerful what does it do to you
when you are going through a fear when
you are facing a fear and you walk
through anyone
it creates self trust you are starting
to trust yourself and self trust creates
what self-confidence and self-confidence
creates what success you need to be
first confident in yourself and trust in
yourself in order to be successful and
the more you allow yourself to be seen
the stronger you will become you have to
think about this like a baby who starts
to walk when a kid starts to walk you
think it has fear
of course it does have fear the first
time when it starts to stand up it fears
to fall down again but it does it
anyways it tries to stand up it falls
down it tries to stand up it falls down
maybe it makes one step it falls down
again the point is this kid is standing
up again every time it falls it's
standing up again otherwise imagine when
you were a kid your fear was so big of
falling you would simply not even
standing up up and trying to do it today
you would not stand and walk and if you
think about now the parents or the
people around this kid if the people
around this kid were not encouraging
were telling the kid what a miserable
kid it is and how stupid and how in
incapable it is that's what this small
little child is learning to believe
about itself that's a belief that
is so deeply rooted that this child this
person will believe also in future when
it's adult so imagine you are now an
adult you
were told that you're incapable of doing
things of going through your own fear
you're sitting at home you cannot walk
or you cannot do anything because your
fear keeps you stuck and you learned
that you are not capable of going
through your fear of facing ing your
fears this belief defines you but it's
not your belief honey this is not who
you are this is a belief that was
brought up onto you from other people
you have to learn to disassociate
yourself from this belief and when you
turn the story and you think about a
child who was encouraged to do it again
and the parents said you can do it I
know you can do it don't worry you fall
you stand up again it's it's fine this
child when it's older this is the belief
it has about itself whatever fear I'm
facing I have to face it stand up again
and walk through it again until it's
done because a fe is nothing else then
something that has to be overcome when
you understand where your belief is
coming from and a certain belief like
the belief of I'm not capable of doing
so I'm not capable of facing my fears
you start to understand this belief
actually does not help me to get me
where I want to be then you have to
rephrase it you have to create a new
belief you cannot just push this belief
aside and say not I'm not believing in
this anymore you can try but it's more
helpful if you start to rewrite this
belief and with small actions with small
things you overwrite that belief you are
getting consciously in situations that
bring up any fear in you but you are
deciding you're going through it for
example there is a fear you have about
cats or dogs and you know deep down dogs
are not doing anything to you so every
time you see a dog you are trying to get
closer to that dog or you're trying to
get closer to that cat or if that's too
much for you in the beginning there are
so many fears we are going through let's
say the fear of speaking up in front of
your friends or in front of other people
or the fear of talking to strangers just
talk to a stranger that's a small fear
that you can overcome very easily
because you know this stranger is not
going to do anything this is a small
fear you have and once you learn to face
your fears from small small fears to
bigger ones you start
to increase your self trust you start to
reite the belief of I'm incapable of
facing my fears until to some point you
know whatever fear you're facing you can
walk through it you can overcome it and
it's not a fear anymore another really
important aspect of success is knowing
who you are and who you want to be to
achieve success you need to align
yourself with that version of you who is
already successful but how you can align
with a version of you when you don't
don't even know who are you right now
and who you want to be so I want you to
ask yourself and write it down who am I
right now what are my daily tasks what
are my daily habits what and who am I
what is defining me and then on another
page or on opposite you write down who
do I want to be what are the
tasks that this version of myself is
doing is having how would that ver
version of myself act in specific
situations how would that version of
myself react to challenges in life how
is this version of myself dressing how
is this version of myself talking what
is this version of myself doing is she
confident does she let fear or other
people's opinions stop her or does she
trust herself and does it anyways when
you have side by side what and who you
are right now and what and who you want
to
become then start acting like her it's
one simple decision start living like
her it's a new version of yourself start
living like her start dressing like her
start talking like her make decisions
the way she would and the more you step
into that identity the closer you will
get to become her and honey yes that
sounds might dulu and uncomfortable and
a lot of work but listen the pain of
staying stuck of staying where you are
right now must be stronger than the pain
of going through a period of uncomfort
of change in order to get where you want
to be right now you might be afraid of
the pain the rejection the work or the
sacrifices it will take to achieve your
dreams but what about that pain of
denying your yourself of denying your
potential pain of looking back one day
and realizing you settled for less than
what you were capable of the moment you
decide the pain of staying stuck is
worse than the pain of growth that's the
moment when you start to change that's
the moment when everything changes this
is the first step towards your success
another thing is that success is not
about one big change success is an ACC
ulation of a lot of small small steps
and habits that you're changing in your
daily life so let's talk about habits
that will get you there first of all set
clear goals know exactly where you want
to get not how not when but exactly
where how much money do you want to earn
what profession do you want
to have what's the goal of how you want
to feel set it clear then break it into
small actionable steps small steps you
can Implement in your everyday's life
then silence the noise your new habit
must be to stop listen to everyone not
everyone will understand your journey
and that's okay people will judge you
and that's okay you don't need anyone in
your life that is judging you if you
have a habit
of nobody's opinion does really matter
to you then you're already once step
ahead stay disciplined honey motivation
comes and goes this is not about
motivation this is about discipline this
is about how can I stick to something
until I get it and not today I feel it
tomorrow I don't when you keep in mind
how big the pain would be of staying
stuck all your life you will be
disciplined then it's not even a
discipline anymore it's a discipline
until it's your new normal it's like
brushing your teeth but when you started
brushing your teeth as a child it was
disciplined that maybe your mom your dad
your parents they told you every day but
at some point you had to do it by
yourself and that was discipline and
today it's your new normal it's normal
for you to brush your teeth I hope so
another important habit is surround
yourself with the right people surround
yourself with people who motivate you
who inspire you with people who uplift
you with people who support you and
remove all all the people who criticize
you who don't understand you who want to
keep you down their stuck even if you
feel intimidated by people who you you
find inspiring these are the people you
want to be surrounded by better to be
intimidated than to feel Superior of
someone who has not achieved anything in
life then honey please do not forget to
celebrate small steps celebrate small
progresses every small win matters if
you keep beating yourself up because
you're not there yet and you forget to
see the small steps you forget to see
your actual small progress you are more
likely to just give up and you're more
likely
to not follow through because you do not
see the effort and you do not
congratulate for the effort you give so
please honey do not forget to celebrate
yourself with your progress for example
if you if your best version of of
yourself is going to the gym and has a
fit body and you have been to the gym
for the past few weeks almost every day
you have done your work but today you
have just been 10 minutes in the gym or
you were just going for a walk for 10
minutes celebrate that because when you
were not in the mood to do anything you
still push yourself to go out and do 10
minutes when you were not in the mood to
do any video if you want to be
influencer but you still push yourself
to do a small video for 10 minutes it's
better than nothing and you have to
celebrate this because these 10 minutes
are more
important than 30 minutes when you were
in the mood anyways when you were full
of energy and excited to do it these 10
minutes when you were not in the mood
they have to be celebrated I want to end
this video with saying success isn't
reserved for a few people success is
available for everyone on this Earth for
everyone who is willing to believe in
themselves who is willing to face their
fears who is willing to take consistent
action honey believe me there is no
perfect moment to start you already have
everything you need to start you have
everything within you already right now
not tomorrow not next week not after you
have done this course right now you need
to start your journey where you are and
not thinking about you can start when
you're ready the only question is are
you ready to choose yourself take me as
an example I'm not perfect in talking I
kept myself for so long doing YouTube
videos even though I really wanted to be
a YouTuber because I thought I need to
read more books I need to learn better
English I need to be a better talker I
need to be more clear whatever my
limiting beliefs were I'm facing them
every day I'm just doing it because
that's what I want and I'm getting there
whatever you think has to be done before
whatever you think you're not ready or
needs to be done to be ready no honey
you need to start right now and you need
to choose yourself right now thank you
so much for watching guys if this video
inspired you and motivated you to
finally step into that version you want
to be share it with someone who needs
this message right now I love you so
much and I will see you in my next video
bye-bye